Here are files that were used and maintained as part of a buisness running simulation using the praxar kayak simulation in which I had the role of data analyst. 
As the website did not have a good method of extraction and tabulating the results of every year a page was programmed to allow for simple copy pasting of the relevent information at indicated places, which would intake the values, clean them and output them in the table which could then be copied in another sheet with the year number. This is how every sheets with year # were made aand allowed for a job that took more than an hour to be done in less than 15 minutes, with little focus required.

To gain additional insight into the market, analysis were done on the data which allowed us to make strategic decisions. These were usually linear regression models. These were used as because the dataset size was extremely small (less than 50 items). The main insight that was sought after was the relation between quality and price with the different offerings. Finding this would then allow to predict with a high accuracy the target price when any changes to quality was made and as well allow to control inventory levels year over year since knowing the base line going above or below would allow to control it precisely. 

Their was two parts in the analysis. First, the price-quality prediction, where a linear regression algorithm was applied to the data to generate a line of best fit. To verify that the line was indeed correct, the second step was used for a verification. This was done using the difference of inventory year over year of the company and the difference between the predicted and actual cost of the previous step. This works with the assumpption that if the price is above what the model says it should be, then the inventory should increase and therefore the corralation should be present. Using this method method, a correlation of around 0.55 at best was found which although low, one needs to know that the values in the dataset were far from perfect. The inventory used was not for a single kayak, but for the entire companies, meaning a lot of noise was present from the get go. 

In practice, the price and predictions were almost always spot on as soon as this was implemented and by making these analysis, a makor decision was made of not entering a market segment as the price to quality had a very low a value (ax+b) and since we made higher end kayaks, the cost to produce was by default high on everything and would have been too high since a high quality level did not allow for a substantive increase in price in this segment.

In the end, using this data-driven approach, we arrived in the top 5 out of 15 which came down to mostly decisions that did not have data available, but still very respectable.
